Add aside to Alarms API (#7012)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/alarms/index.md

api: alarms
---

## Manifest {: #manifest }

> To use `chrome.alarms` API, declare the `"alarms"` permission in the [manifest][doc-manifest]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the `chrome.alarms` API, declare the `"alarms"` permission in the [manifest][doc-manifest]:
```

```json
{
  "name": "My extension",
  ...
  "permissions": [
    "alarms"
  ],
  ...
}
```

## Examples

The following examples show how to use and respond to an alarm. To try this API,
install the [Alarm API example][sample-example] from the [chrome-extension-samples][repo-samples]
repository.

### Set an alarm {: #set-alarm }

> The following example sets an alarm in the service worker when the extension is installed, but not when it, Chrome, or any shared module is updated.

Reviewer: Thoughts on this? I don't think the additional text is wrong but it seems unnecessary and confusing.

```suggestion
The following example sets an alarm in the service worker when the extension is installed:
```

{% Label %}service-worker.js:{% endLabel %}

```js
chrome.runtime.onInstalled.addListener(async ({ reason }) => {
  if (reason !== 'install') {
    return;
  }

  // Create an alarm so we have something to look at in the demo
  await chrome.alarms.create('demo-default-alarm', {
    delayInMinutes: 1,
    periodInMinutes: 1
  });
});
```

{% Aside %}

> Starting Chrome 117, the number of active alarms is limited to 500. Once this limitation is reached `chrome.alarms.create()` will fail, and [`chrome.runtime.lastError()`][last-error] will be set if using a callback or reject if using promises.

Reviewer: A few tweaks to hopefully make it read a bit nicer, and removing the brackets from lastError since it's a property.

```suggestion
Starting in Chrome 117, the number of active alarms is limited to 500. Once this limit is reached, `chrome.alarms.create()` will fail. When using a callback, [`chrome.runtime.lastError`][last-error] will be set. When using promises, the promise will be rejected.
```
